Form_id: 209
Form_date: 15/09/2020 22:44
Status: unread
Name: Lauren Seery-Loudon
Email: lauren.seery.loudon@hotmail.com
Phone-number: 7918027624
Matriculation-number: 2365764S
Degree-subject: Scots Law and Politics
Degree-type: 3
Study-year: LLB
GPA: nan
Option-1:  HR & Logistics
Option-2: Marketing & Media
Experience:  I have been secretary for society at my university in my second year of which I am responsible for daily tasks to keep the society running. This included admin such as emails and creating forms. Along with running the online engagement, publicity, and arranging events/meetings for the society that best fit the times and desires of our members. I have great interpersonal skills working in several retail jobs for years of which approachability and friendliness are key. 
Why-join:  I am looking to do something different, all my extra-curriculars during university so far have been very law or politics focussed. I feel like getting a different experience with a totally different group of people is an exciting prospect. Plus I love cars – I may not be an expert by any means but I do love them. I have been (old) Top Gear fan since I have been a kid and started watching Formula 1 for the past few years and really enjoyed it. I'd like to maybe make some friends interested in it!
Helpful-application:  In regards to logistics, I have helped run campaigns for 2 elections now across the full Glasgow region through my political activism and also from this I have developed my social media skills from promoting events to written statements and creating eye-catching graphics. 
Interview-times:  I am currently in a temporary job which only gives me my rota a week in advance... this obviously makes things a little difficult as there are no set hours I work. I suspect when university goes back it means my easiest time would be Thursdays after 5 pm, however, it would be easier contacting me if invited to interview and at that point I am more likely to know for sure! Sorry for the inconvenience!
Hear-about:  email
Applied-before:  No