Form_id: 284
Form_date: 21/09/2020 22:50
Status: unread
Name: Mateusz Kapustka
Email: 2520836K@student.gla.ac.uk
Phone-number: 0048 662 013 000
Matriculation-number: 2520836K
Degree-subject: Economics MA (Soc)
Degree-type: 1
Study-year: Economics MA (Soc)
GPA: nan
Option-1:  Sponsorship & Finance
Option-2: HR & Logistics
Experience:  The experience I had in dealing with partnerships, sponsorships and businesses as such was during my time at Ernst & Young where I worked as an assistant to a senior Manager. I focused of providing analysis of data to the merger cases as well as on presentation of data for smaller clients who needed help with business transactions or valuations. My other experiences are listed in my CV, all have taught me many more valuable skills, such as team work, leadership and business management.
Why-join:  I am a financial and economics enthusiast, however I have always been interested in Formula 1 racing. Despite not being an engineer and not knowing many technical aspects, I would like to combine my two passions, while giving all my best knowledge and involvement on the financial side of the project. I would like to take away the experience of working in a team of prossefionals in the field of finance as well as having the satisfaction of taking part in a project that every F1 would dream of.
Helpful-application:  I am very devoted to ideas/projects which inspire me and UGRacing is one of those that do. I will bring all my commitment and enthusiasm to the project and I believe I am a good, systematic "team player"which will hopefully make your work efficient and effective. I believe that I could not only implement my soft skills in my job but also my knowledge which I believe is broad in the topic of finance and economics. I try to set my goals high and I always strive to achieve them.
Interview-times:  Mondays: 11:00am - 2:00pm and 3pm onwards
Tuesdays: 3pm onwards
Wednesdays: 1:00pm onwards
Thursdays: 3:00pm onwards
Fridays: 12:00 - 3:00 pm
Weedends also available
Hear-about:  Freshers Fayre
Applied-before:  No