Form_id: 250
Form_date: 19/09/2020 22:46
Status: unread
Name: Brandon Forrest
Email: 2465263F@student.gla.ac.uk
Phone-number: 7896908133
Matriculation-number: 2465263F
Degree-subject: Software Engineering
Degree-type: 2
Study-year: MSci
GPA: nan
Option-1:  Driverless
Option-2: IT
Experience:  I have years of experience programming in C++ and python, both python 2.7 and more recently python 3. I also have experience in programming in C, C# and Java. I have previously built small devices using multiple differing electronic components that all communicated through GPIO pins controlled by a python script. Furthermore, I am great at mathematics and can pick up on and understand new concepts with ease while also being able to solve problems that are thrown my way.
Why-join:  I wish to join the UGRacing driverless position as I have an incredible interest and passion for both software engineering and the up and coming field of driverless technology. I know that this experience will be a great way for me to build upon my skills as a programmer and learn the real-world applications of the concepts that I’ve been taught. This also provides a great opportunity to gain valuable real-world skills that I can use to help me in my future career prospects one I leave universit
Helpful-application:  I know for a fact that I will be the most dedicated member of this team if given a chance. I am looking for something practical that I can do to make the most out of and improve upon my programming and mathematics skills. Driverless cars is a field that I am greatly interested in and I will work extremely hard to on anything that I do, alongside that fact I am really keen to learn so much more about this both through this position and in my own research.
Interview-times:  Monday - Unavailable
Tuesday - 2pm onwards
Wednesday - 3pm onwards
Thursday - 4:30pm onwards
Friday - 4:30pm onwards
Saturday - Anytime
Sunday - Anytime
Hear-about:  Freshers fair last year and during my physics lecture at the beginning of semester 1 2019.
Applied-before:  No